It will not be cool to stay, today will not lead to the sun,
You still thought you were that artist,
Isn’t it cool to stay today?
Pay attention, let me go and let me solve another problem,
If he recycles 50 million, you can take it and pay it yourself.
I regard the bear as my father, and I won’t write any penalty letters myself.
I just want to take back the sky,
If you are not defeated, let him solve one problem!
This is, this is what broke you,
He is just a piece of waste, and it is impossible for anyone to want it again!
I hope you still have some courage to be alone in this world,
I took him in for 10 million, so you won’t be unwilling to do anything! I’m sorry.
Because of this, he is also an angry person now.
We are on the road together in one car now
It should be written by now